1)For this coding assignment I used the programming language Python and framework Flask. Python is user friendly and easily readable making it easier to choose for this assignment to build REST API. It has a large number of libraries and frameworks available to work with. Flask is a framework in Python which helped to handle HTTP requests making it suitable for the following assignment. I used VS Code as an IDE as I am comfortable using it and have worked with it before. It offers a lot of python extensions and is easy to navigate. It's built in terminal makes it easy to run, debug and test code and works well with errors.

2)Advantages: Using python made my solution reader friendly and is pretty straightforward. I added error handling to gracefully handle errors. Disadvantages: This solution relies on single user data entry given at once and in-memory data attributes. When we restart the code and run it, it will return an empty array always and forget the previous changes made. I could've made unit test cases to understand how the code works and if another user wants to make changes, it will throw error if something is not done right by navigating through the unit test file.

3)I had an opportunity to contribute to a Post Stroke Recovery Application which used gamification techniques to aid stroke victims. We, as a team, modified the UI/UX of the application based on 30 unique customer feedbacks after the first run. This was officially my first time working in a team and I got introduced to understanding the value of constructive conflict resolution and data driven decision making. The time I used conflict resolution was when we were trying to develop a user authentication system and two team members favored breaking down the tasks like user name, password, etc, while another two, including me, favored monolithic approach. I argued that monolithic approach would be simpler to implement and help us deliver on time whereas the other two members believed that their approach would increase the stability. After communicating the needs and point of views, data-driven decision, cost-benefit analysis and comprises, we decided to start with monolithic approach to meet with the project's tight deadline and when the system grew and needed scalability, we would shift to me and my fellow mate's approach. To encapsulate, this was my first time dealing with a product issue professionally and it helped me think of the ways we could come to a collective solution without overpowering anyone else's input. This helped me understand the importance of team work and flexibility in a work space.